Fix some issues (#21)
neo4j/docs-dataflow-connector: common-content-dataflow/modules/ROOT/partials/run-job.adoc

= Run an import job

[TIP]
You can validate your specification file locally via the link:https://github.com/neo4j-contrib/local-dataflow-runner/[Local Dataflow Runner].

> The tool allows you to verify that your job file conforms to the template specifications, but doesn't attempt to run it (so there may still be runtime errors). This form of validation is much quicker than submitting a Dataflow job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool allows you to locally verify that your job file conforms to the template specification and execute it against a temporary Neo4j container. It relies on [Apache Beam's Direct Runner](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/runners/direct/) (there may still be runtime errors in Dataflow). This form of validation is much quicker than submitting a Dataflow job.
```
